Okay, if you want it so much
I'll take a picture for you.
Go home immediately after the photo is taken
Don't worry about the auction
I'll handle it myself.
As long as you don't give me a fool, I'll burn high incense
Crazy
You think the auction is a play house
You have the final say
At the auction
Everything is of high value
Thank you all for coming to the charity auction today
Let's cut to the chase.
Start today's auction
Now we have the first lot of the day
Country V unilateral starting price 5 million
You dare to bid for grapes
Don't worry, there's still me
It's called Yusheng Luming, but it's here
You're not giving him face by saying that
What if he is here?
Can he still help me take a picture of Gu Wu Danfang?
What is rubbish Guwu Danfang?
As long as you get what Tang wants
Even the stars in the sky
I can take it off too
6 million 8 million 10 million
Crazy I only have 8 million
Didn't you embarrass me by calling 10 million?